ah here's the proud rule let's begin the
ceremony tomorrow that first gave birth
to all of creation and pledge to watch
over us as her children it is from her
love of us that we first learned to love
one another is from this love that we
learned that life lived alone is no life
at all we gather here today on the
Mara's loving gaze to bear witness to
the union of two souls in eternal
companionship made a journey forth
together in this life and in the next in
prosperity and poverty and in joy and
hardship do you agree to be bound
together in love now and forever
I do now and forever do you agree to be
bound together in love now and forever
under the authority of Mara the divine
of love I declare this couple to be Wed
I present the two of you with these
matching rings blessed by Mara's divine
grace may they protect each of you in
your new life you're married
I guess we'll need to decide where we're
living won't we you can always stay with
me
our new home I'll see you there
was in Samara apart
you tried mercenary work it might suture
hello my love back from some adventure I
bet